[TECH-466] Switch configuration endpoints (#209)
aion-dk/js-client: README.md

yarn run test
````

> To run benaloh flow and walkthrough test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Benaloh flow and walkthrough test:
```

> Delete the `.skip` on line 9 (test/benaloh_flow.test.ts) and on lines 11 and 90 (test/walkthrough.test.ts) and make sure you have all the services in the devbox running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete the `.skip` instruction on line 9, in the test/benaloh_flow.test.ts, and on lines 11 and 90, in test/walkthrough.test.ts, and make sure you have Devbox’s services running and seeded.
```
